Add changelog for 2023.7 and bump version in pyproject.toml (#142)
python/python-docs-theme: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

`2023.7 <https://github.com/python/python-docs-theme/releases/tag/v2023.7>`_
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

> - Do not append asset hashes on Sphinx 7.1+ (#137)

Reviewer: This suggests a potential regression, that P-D-T no longer does the hashes -- whereas the functionality was added to Sphinx core instead.
```suggestion
- Fix compatability with Sphinx 7.1 (#137)
```

   Contributed by Pradyun Gedam

> - Use correct block, enable built-in slash keypress (#141)

Reviewer: Clarity on the user-facing change:
```suggestion
- Enable the slash keypress to focus the search field (#141)
```

   Contributed by Mike Fiedler

> - Sphinx 6.2 fix: add ``nav.contents`` where that ``div.topic`` is used (#138)

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
- Sphinx 6.2 fix: add ``nav.contents`` where ``div.topic`` is used (#138)
```

   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade

> - Dark mode: fix contrast for C++ specific styling (#133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dark mode: fix contrast for ``C++`` specific styling (#133)
```

Author: Thanks! I added all suggestions except this as we don't need code literals for proper nouns.

  Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade
- Don't let long code literals extend beyond the right side of the screen (#139)
   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade

> - Test 3.12 branch, now `main` is 3.13 (#140)

Reviewer: More descriptive ('branch' implicitly refers to CPython here, but it isn't very clear)
```suggestion
- Test with Python 3.12 (#140)
```

   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade

`2023.5 <https://github.com/python/python-docs-theme/releases/tag/v2023.5>`_
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Add a dark theme. (#44)

>    Contributed by Nils K

Reviewer 2: Unrelated changes?

Author: Sure, the early releases were done in this format:

* https://github.com/python/python-docs-theme/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#20215
* https://github.com/python/python-docs-theme/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#202012

But not the later. It seems reasonable to use the same format for later releases, it's also more readable.

I can put it in another PR if you prefer, or revert.
